Open drop (#61)
holaplex/hub-docs: docs/hub/Guides/open-drop.md

Replace `<COLLECTION-CREATOR-ADDRESS>` with the address of the creator wallet. The creator must have `"verified": false` if the wallet is not the Hub project treasury wallet. The address of the Hub project treasury wallet can be found on the "Treasury" tab on the Hub console.

Note that Open Drops are currently only supported on Solana.

As with all Hub API calls, you'll need an access token that can be generated on your organization's Credentials tab: [https://hub.holaplex.com/credentials](https://hub.holaplex.com/credentials)
This token should be included in the call's header:
```json
{
  "Authorization": "<access-token>"
}
```

Sample response:
```json
{
  "data": {
    "createDrop": {
      "drop": {
        "id": "<NEW-DROP-ID>",
        "creationStatus": "PENDING"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Upon successful request, you can view the new drop in Hub console, on your Project's "Drops" tab.

## Queue Mint to Drop

Use the `queueMintToDrop` mutation to "load up" your drop with tokens to be minted.

> A queued mint does not yet live on chain as an NFT. Its asset and metadata are uploaded to decentralized storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A queued mint does not yet live on chain as an NFT. However, tts asset and metadata are uploaded to decentralized storage in preparation for the later mint.
```
